From: David Rudnick <david.rudnick@yale.edu>
Date: Thu, Jul 10, 2008 at 1:20 AM
Subject: m o d e r n l o v e
To: <Modern.Lovers@yale.edu>


d  e  a  r     m  y     b  e  l  o  v  e  d  ,


I thought I would inform you of a project very close to my heart that, barring unforseen circumstances, will be starting in September. 

Every Friday, from midnight to 4am, Yale's first nightclub, Modern Love will be taking place, in the basement of our new home on Edgewood Avenue. I am buying decks, a mixer, speakers, and lights. As of August 12th, myself and my housemates will be renovating our basement in preparation. All it will be missing is you.

The aim is to include everyone, to play music that is truly beautiful, and to give Yale a sense of community that it deserves.

Anyone who wants to help in any way is welcome.

But

this is not a Volume thing. This is not a WYBC thing. This is not a YDN thing. Its not a theatre thing, its not an art thing. Its not just for cool people. Its not going to be trendy. Its not going to be relentless 'new' music.

Its going to be a serious music night, and it's going to be free. We're not going to serve alcohol, because I want it to be safe, I want it to run from midnight to 4am every week with no closures and no cops. I want your Deans to come. I want your parents to come. Maybe, if things work out and everything falls into place, some incredibly talented guests will come.  Most importantly, I want all of you and all of your friends to come, and for Friday nights to be a no brainer. Please, for one night in all our hectic weeks;

No More Scenes. No More Cool. No Irony.

Only Music. Only Love.


If there is any music that you ever wished was played, or that people should hear, this is your chance. Every night I'm going to offer two of the four hours to guest DJs. If you're passionate about old Disco, then lets work on a set. If you want to play only African Music, lets do it. If you think the world needs to hear classical again, we can make it happen. Let's do it beautifully.

Don't worry if you're not confident in your DJ abilities, we're going to work around it, 
either by doing free tutorials or by pairing people up with someone who can help them behind the decks on the night. 

Can't wait to see you all soon. It's going to be an amazing year.

Love

David